DBZ 6408 Add docs on how to extend channels and notification (#4538)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/partials/modules/all-connectors/proc-stopping-an-incremental-snapshot-kafka.adoc

.Procedure using kafka signaling channel

You can send a message to the {link-prefix}:{link-signalling}#debezium-signaling-enabling-kafka-signaling-channel[configured Kafka topic] to add the ad hoc incremental snapshot request to the signaling {data-collection}:

The key of the Kafka message must match the value of the `topic.prefix` connector configuration option.

The value is a JSON object with `type` and `data` fields.

The signal type is `stop-snapshot` and the `data` field must have the following fields:

.Execute snapshot data fields
[cols="2,2,6",options="header"]
|===
|Field | Default | Value

|`type`
|`incremental`

> | The type of the snapshot to be executed. Currently only `incremental` is supported. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The type of the snapshot to be executed. 
Currently {prodname} supports only the `incremental` type.  +
```
